Store-gateway: drain chunk range reader before close to allow connection reuse (#16338)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Ingest storage: Account for protobuf framing when splitting Remote Write 1.0 requests so generated Kafka record data stays within `-ingest-storage.kafka.producer-max-record-size-bytes` when individual series and metadata entries fit. #16160
* [BUGFIX] Memcached: Don't close connections to caches on well-formed server errors. #16303
* [BUGFIX] MQE: Fix an issue where series were joined in binary operations using the wrong labels when `group_left()`/`group_right()` were used in combination with `ignoring()`. This bug manifested as valid queries returning an error `grouping labels must ensure unique matches`. #16387

> * [BUGFIX] Store-gateway: Drain the chunks range reader before closing it so the underlying HTTP connection can be reused, instead of opening a new connection for every chunk range fetched from object storage. #16338

Reviewer: Let's rephrase the entry

```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Store-gateway: Drain the chunks range reader before closing it so HTTP object storage connections can be reused. #16338
```

Author: Done — rebased on main (no conflict after the fetch) and applied your wording verbatim:

> * [BUGFIX] Store-gateway: Drain the chunks range reader before closing it so HTTP object storage connections can be reused. #16338

I agree on the chunks-cache point — with it enabled the drain is served from memory, so Grafana Cloud
shouldn't see a change either way. Thanks for tracing through it and for the review.
